Ah!
I'm sorry, I really can't forgive Luoxue
Forgive me for making decisions
Back home
Hey, what's the matter, brother Sifeng?
Why didn't you come to me after you came to Jiangzhou for so long?
I have a patient
Let's talk about it another day.
Brother Sifeng
Why are you becoming more and more indifferent to me now?
Is Xueqin doing something wrong?
Tell me I'll change it.
Ah, let's not talk about it
The dead cannot come back to life
Aunt Lin Hong is in Tianzhilian
I don't want to see you like this either.
The falling snow has become my iron puppet
And Chu Sifeng is manipulating his blood
I want to pass the puppet of falling snow love
The Shangluo family paid the price they deserved
Butler, he's still here
You must take good care of him
It's just me.
It's about to be the engagement banquet for the eldest son
You go somewhere else to clean first.
Li Nannian, I don't care what method you use
Let the eldest lady and Chu Shao allow you
Enter Luo's house
But as long as I'm at Luo's house for a day
You are never allowed to make small animals in Luo's house